# Embedded-Automotive-Networking
The logical ring uses token ring message. This message is transmitted from low address (low ID) to high address (high ID) and finally from the highest address back to the lowest address, which forms a ring. In below Figure, the ring message is transmitted from 1 to 2, then from 2 to 3, and so on. The ring message is finally transmitted from 7 to 1 to form a ring, and then the ring transmission starts over again. Functional Requirements: Create CAN network from 3 ECU (Node ID 1, 2 and 3). Each ECU Has the following functional requirements: 1- Token Ring. 2- ADAS simulation.   1- Token Ring • A ring token should be rotated along the network nodes.  • Each token should hold the token 1 second before transmitting to the next ECU.  • The ECU which has the token should turn on the white LED as long as it holds the token. • At initial state each ECU is associated with a specific color to be turned on as the following:  Node 1 -> RED , Node 2 -> GREEN and Node 3 -> BLUE • The token LED will overwrite the ECU specific color. • If SW1 of the token owner ECU is pressed. Then the color sequence will be changed and started from this ECU. For instance, after the initial state declared above, if SW1 of the node 3 is pressed while it is holding the token (white LED is on), the color sequence will be   Node 3 -> RED, Node 1 -> GREEN and Node 2 -> BLUE  • If SW2 of the token owner ECU is pressed, then the color sequence will be changed and started from this ECU with reversed order. For instance, after the initial state declared above if SW2 of the node 2 is pressed while it is holding the token (white LED is on), the color sequence will be  Node 2-> BLUE, Node 3 -> RED and Node 1 -> GREEN    2- ADAS Simulator • System has Node2 and Node3 which acting as car ADAS simulator (controlling car based on car and obstacle distance). Node2 role is: • Act as Sensor ECU. • Responsible for receiving the distance sensor read though UART on Duty cycle.    • Send Distance over CAN every 100 ms. (The latest received). • Node3 role is: • Act as Car Control ECU. • Responsible of receiving the distance from CAN bus and generate the command.    • CMD Shall display on the PC Terminal (UART Terminal) 
